Update dotnet-tool-install.md's --version option (#39184)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-tool-install.md

  The version of the tool to install. By default, the latest stable package version is installed. Use this option to install preview or older versions of the tool.

>   For .NET 8.0, `--version Major.Minor.Patch` refers to a specific `Major.Minor.Patch` version, including unlisted versions. To get the latest version of a certain major/minor version instead, use `--version Major.Minor.*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Starting with .NET 8.0, `--version Major.Minor.Patch` refers to a specific major/minor/patch version, including unlisted versions. To get the latest version of a certain major/minor version instead, use `--version Major.Minor.*`.
```
